okay the act reversal of mutable
resources rad okay so the dag traversal
algorithm is optimized for immutable
data and we won this predictability on
the other hand manta ray
everything is flux everything changes so
when we have a mutable resource that
that is usually provided by a chain of
events there's a chain of immutable
events there's a computation and those
events maybe it's just we just want
ahead of the events that's already a
computation its IP and s resolving but
maybe we want to apply a process to
create a view so if we apply a process
and create a view we get a view based on
a point in time which is what we want
usually but what if we want an updated
calculation so ideally what we propose
is the calculation should have
provenance information and say okay
here's the process here's a pointer to
the function the the the procedure that
was used here's a pointer to the head of
the chain at the time but also how to
get the new head of the chain so we can
easily get the new version of the
computation of the process so it's a way
to both have the the deterministic
updates we know and love but there's a
way to tweak the traversal syntax to say
oh actually here we use the provenance
information so I can get an updated
version of the content there's a lot of
nitty-gritty details
it's obviously work in progress but I
think it's a useful I mean we all want
updated values and still respects the
immutability and deterministic nature of
that traversal
you